feat(changelog): redistm-deprecated-redis-v627-and-v705-no-longer-suppor 2025-10-31 (#5743)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/october2025/2025-10-31-redistm-deprecated-redis-v627-and-v705-no-longer-suppor.mdx

---

> title: Redis v6.2.7 & v7.0.5 no longer supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Redis v6.2.7 and v7.0.5 no longer supported
```

status: deprecated
date: 2025-10-31
category: databases
product: redistm
---

> Redis v6.2.7 & v7.0.5 will be deprecated on November 24th. Follow [this documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-databases-for-redis/api-cli/upgrade-redis-version/) to upgrade to v7.2.11. Upgrades will be forced on that date if not performed before.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Redis v6.2.7 & v7.0.5 will be deprecated on November 24th. Follow our [guide to upgrading](managed-databases-for-redis/api-cli/upgrade-redis-version/) to upgrade your existing Redis™ instances to v7.2.11. On the deprecation date, upgrades will be forced if not already carried out.
```
